1.0 Welcome

1.1 
A Welcome Policy
Welcome! You have just joined a dedicated organization. We hope that your employment with Zania, Inc. will be rewarding
and challenging. We take pride in our employees as well as in the products and services we provide.
The Company complies with all federal and state employment laws, and this handbook generally reflects those laws. The
Company also complies with any applicable local laws, although there may not be an express written policy regarding those
laws contained in the handbook. 
The employment policies and/or benefits summaries in this handbook are written for all employees. When questions arise
concerning the interpretation of these policies as they relate to employees who are covered by a collective-bargaining
agreement, the answers will be determined by reference to the actual union contract, rather than the summaries contained in
this handbook.
Please take the time now to read this handbook carefully. Sign the acknowledgment at the end to show that you have read,
understood, and agree to the contents of this handbook, which sets out the basic rules and guidelines concerning your
employment. This handbook supersedes any previously issued handbooks or policy statements dealing with the subjects
discussed herein. The Company reserves the right to interpret, modify, or supplement the provisions of this handbook at any
time. Neither this handbook nor any other communication by a management representative or other, whether oral or written,
is intended in any way to create a contract of employment. Please understand that no employee handbook can address
every situation in the work place. 
If you have questions about your employment or any provisions in this handbook, contact People Operations.
We wish you success in your employment here at Zania, Inc.!
All the best,
Shruti Gupta, CEO
Zania, Inc.

1.2 
At-Will Employment
Your employment with Zania, Inc. is on an "at-will" basis. This means your employment may be terminated at any time, with
or without notice and with or without cause. Likewise, we respect your right to leave the Company at any time, with or
without notice and with or without cause. 
Nothing in this handbook or any other Company document should be understood as creating a contract, guaranteed or
continued employment, a right to termination only "for cause," or any other guarantee of continued benefits or employment.
Only the CEO has the authority to make promises or negotiate with regard to guaranteed or continued employment, and any
such promises are only effective if placed in writing and signed by the CEO.
If a written contract between you and the Company is inconsistent with this handbook, the written contract is controlling. 
Nothing in this handbook will be interpreted, applied, or enforced to interfere with, restrain, or coerce employees in the
exercise of their rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. 4This policy may not be appropriate in its entirety for employees working in Montana.

2.0 
Introductory Language and Policies

2.1 
About the Company
[[Add your about the company statement here.]]

2.2 
Company Facilities
[[Insert information about your company facilities here.]]

2.3 
Ethics Code
Zania, Inc. will conduct business honestly and ethically wherever operations are maintained. We strive to improve the quality
of our services, products, and operations and will maintain a reputation for honesty, fairness, respect, responsibility,
integrity, trust, and sound business judgment. Our managers and employees are expected to adhere to high standards of
business and personal integrity as a representation of our business practices, at all times consistent with their duty of loyalty
to the Company.
We expect that officers, directors, and employees will not knowingly misrepresent the Company and will not speak on behalf
of the Company unless specifically authorized. The confidentiality of trade secrets, proprietary information, and similar
confidential commercially-sensitive information (i.e. financial or sales records/reports, marketing or business
strategies/plans, product development, customer lists, patents, trademarks, etc.) about the Company or operations, or that of
our customers or partners, is to be treated with discretion and only disseminated on a need-to-know basis (see policies
relating to privacy).
Violation of the Code of Ethics can result in discipline, up to and including termination of employment. The degree of
discipline imposed may be influenced by the existence of voluntary disclosure of any ethical violation and whether or not the
violator cooperated in any subsequent investigation.

2.4 
Mission Statement
[[Insert your company's mission statement here.]]

2.5 
Our Organization
[[Add information about your organization or organizational chart here.]]

2.6 
Revisions to Handbook
This handbook is our attempt to keep you informed of the terms and conditions of your employment, including Zania, Inc.
policies and procedures. The handbook is not a contract. The Company reserves the right to revise, add, or delete from this
handbook as we determine to be in our best interest, except the policy concerning at-will employment. When changes are
made to the policies and guidelines contained herein, we will endeavor to communicate them in a timely fashion, typically in
a written supplement to the handbook or in a posting on company bulletin boards.

3.0 
Hiring and Orientation Policies

3.1 
Accommodations for Pregnant Employees
Zania, Inc. will provide reasonable accommodation to pregnant employees for known limitations related to pregnancy,
childbirth, or other related medical conditions in accordance with the federal Pregnant Workers Fairness Act (PWFA). 5Examples of potential reasonable accommodations include:
Seating;
Closer parking;
Flexible hours;
Appropriately sized uniforms and safety apparel;
Additional break time to use the bathroom, eat, and rest;
Leave or time off to recover from childbirth;
Limitations on strenuous activities; and
Limitations on strenuous activities or those that involve exposure to compounds not safe for pregnancy.
If you require an accommodation, notify your Manager. If the need for a particular accommodation is not obvious, you may
be asked to include relevant information such as:
The reason you need an accommodation.
A description of the proposed accommodation.
How the accommodation will address limitations caused by pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions.
The Company will not require you to accept any accommodation without engaging in the interactive process to accurately
understand your limitations and explore potential accommodations. The Company is not required to make your specific
requested accommodation and is not required to provide any accommodation that would constitute an undue hardship on
the Company.
If leave is provided as a reasonable accommodation, it may run concurrently with leave under the federal Family and
Medical Leave Act and/or any other leave where permitted by law.
The Company will comply with state or local laws that provide additional protections beyond the PWFA.
The Company will not retaliate against employees who request or receive an accommodation under this policy.

3.2 
Conflicts of Interest
Zania, Inc. is concerned with conflicts of interest that create actual or potential job-related concerns, especially in the areas
of confidentiality, customer relations, safety, security, and morale. If there is any actual or potential conflict of interest
between you and a competitor, supplier, distributor, or contractor to the Company, you must disclose it to your Manager. If
an actual or potential conflict of interest is determined to exist, the Company will take such steps as it deems necessary to
reduce or eliminate this conflict.

3.3 
Employment Authorization Verification
New hires will be required to complete Section 1 of federal Form I-9 on the first day of paid employment and must present
acceptable documents authorized by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services proving identity and employment
authorization no later than the third business day following the start of employment with Zania, Inc.. If you are currently
employed and have not complied with this requirement or if your status has changed, inform your Manager.
If you are authorized to work in this country for a limited period of time, you will be required to submit proof of renewed
employment eligibility prior to expiration of that period to remain employed by the Company.

3.4 
Employment of Relatives and Friends
We will not employ friends or relatives in circumstances where actual or potential conflicts may arise that could compromise
supervision, safety, confidentiality, security, and morale at Zania, Inc.. It is your obligation to inform the Company of any
such potential conflict so the Company can determine how best to respond to the particular situation. 6
3.5 
Job Descriptions
Zania, Inc. attempts to maintain a job description for each position. If you do not have a current copy of your job description,
you should request one from your Manager. 
Job descriptions prepared by the Company serve as an outline only. Due to business needs, you may be required to perform
job duties that are not within your written job description. Furthermore, the Company may have to revise, add to, or delete
from your job duties per business needs. On occasion, the Company may need to revise job descriptions with or without
advance notice to employees.
If you have any questions regarding your job description or the scope of your duties, please speak with your Manager.

3.6 
New Hires and Introductory Periods
The first [[insert #]] days of your employment is considered an introductory period. During this period, you will become
familiar with Zania, Inc. and your job responsibilities, and we will have the opportunity to monitor the quality and value of
your performance and make any necessary adjustments in your job description or responsibilities. Completion of this
introductory period does not imply guaranteed or continued employment. Nothing that occurs during or after this period
should be construed to change the nature of the [["at-will"]] employment relationship.

3.7 
Training Program
In most cases, and for most departments, training employees is done on an individual basis by the department manager.
Even if you have had previous experience in the specified functions of your job duties, it is necessary for you to learn our
specific procedures, as well as the responsibilities of the specific position. If you ever feel you require additional training,
consult your Manager.

4.0 
Wage and Hour Policies

4.1 
Attendance
If you know ahead of time that you will be absent or late, provide reasonable advance notice to your Manager. You may be
required to provide documentation of any medical or other excuse for being absent or late where permitted by applicable
law.
Zania, Inc. reserves the right to apply unused vacation, sick time, or other paid time off to unauthorized absences where
permitted by applicable law. Absences resulting from approved leave, vacation, or legal requirements are exceptions to the
policy.

4.2 
Business Expenses
The purpose of this policy is to define approved nontravel business expenses and the authority for incurring and approving
such expenses at Zania, Inc..
Approved business expenses
 are the reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by employees to achieve legitimate
business purposes that are not covered by normal Company procurement processes.
Business Meetings (Employer-Sponsored Events and Meetings)
The Company pays for expenses necessary to achieve a valid business purpose when meetings are held with customers,
vendors, or other Company employees. The most senior Company individual present is responsible for paying for and
reporting all expenses.
The Company will make every effort to have a master account set up for Company-wide and large group events. However, if 7you are at a small meeting or staying by yourself at a hotel, pay individually and submit for reimbursement accordingly.
Entertainment
The Company pays for entertainment expenses only when they clearly benefit the Company, include customers, and are
promotional in nature. The most senior individual present is responsible for paying for and reporting all expenses.
Technical and Training Seminars
The Company pays for expenses associated with attendance at classes and seminars that enhance job-related skills. Prior
approval must be obtained by your Manager.
Gifts
You may present gifts only under exceptional circumstances and with prior approval of the appropriate Company officer. The
Company does not reimburse costs over $25 for business gifts.
Other Expenses
The Company will pay for postage and telephone expenses that are for business purposes.
Reporting
Report approved expenses on the standard expense report form and include a description of the expense (which should
include the date, vendor, business purpose, and a list of any attendees/participants) and a copy of the receipt.

4.3 
Direct Deposit
Zania, Inc. encourages all employees to enroll in direct deposit. If you would like to take advantage of direct deposit, ask
[[appropriate person or department]] for an application form. Typically, the bank will begin the direct deposit of your payroll
within 30 calendar days after you submit your completed application.
If you have selected the direct deposit payroll service, a written explanation of your deductions will be provided to you on
paydays in lieu of a check.

4.4 
Employment Classifications
The Company designates all employees as either exempt or nonexempt in compliance with applicable federal, state, and
local law:
Exempt Employees.
 Exempt employees are generally paid a fixed salary and are not entitled to overtime pay.
Nonexempt Employees.
 Nonexempt employees are entitled to minimum wage and overtime pay.
The Company also assigns each employee to one of the following categories:
Regular Full-Time Employees.
 Regular full-time employees are normally scheduled to work at least [[X]] hours per
workweek, except for approved time off. [[Full-time employees are eligible for most Company benefits.]]
Regular Part-Time Employees.
 Regular part-time employees are normally scheduled to work [[X]] hours or less per
workweek. [[Part-time employees are not eligible for most Company benefits.]]
[[
Temporary/Seasonal Employees.
 Temporary employees are generally hired on a temporary or project-specific
basis, with either full- or part-time hours. Seasonal employees are hired on a temporary basis during a time of year
when extra work is available. Temporary/seasonal employees are not eligible for most Company benefits.]]
You will be informed of your classification, status, and responsibilities at the time of hire and at any time your classification,
status, or responsibilities change. If you have a question regarding this information, contact [[appropriate person or
department]]. These classifications do not alter your employment at-will status.

4.5 
Introduction to Wage and Hour Policies 8At Zania, Inc., pay depends on a wide range of factors, including pay scale surveys, individual effort, profits, and market
forces. If you have any questions about your compensation, including matters such as paid time off, commissions, overtime,
benefits, or paycheck deductions, speak with your Manager.

4.6 
Job Abandonment
If you fail to show up for work or fail to call in with an acceptable reason for the absence for a period of [[#]] consecutive
days, you will be considered to have abandoned your job and voluntarily resigned from Zania, Inc..

4.7 
Paycheck Deductions
Zania, Inc. is required by law to make certain deductions from your pay each pay period, including deductions for federal
income tax, Social Security and Medicare (FICA) taxes, [[LIST OTHER REQUIRED DEDUCTIONS: e.g., state income taxes,
state unemployment taxes, state disability insurance taxes, etc.]], and any other deductions required under law or by court
order for wage garnishments. The amount of your tax deductions will depend on your earnings and the information you list
on your federal Form W-4 and applicable state withholding form. Permissible deductions for exempt employees may also
include, but are not limited to, deductions for full-day absences for reasons other than sickness or disability and certain
disciplinary suspensions. You may also authorize certain voluntary deductions from your paycheck where permissible under
state law. Your deductions will be reflected in your wage statement. If you have any questions about deductions from your
pay, contact your Manager.
The Company will not make deductions to your pay that are prohibited by federal, state, or local law. Review your paycheck
for errors each pay period and immediately report any discrepancies to your Manager.
You will be reimbursed in full for any isolated, inadvertent, or improper deductions, as defined by law. If an error is found,
you will receive an immediate adjustment, which will be paid no later than your next regular payday. 
The Company will not retaliate against employees who report erroneous deductions in accordance with this policy.

4.8 
Recording Time
Zania, Inc. is required by applicable federal, state, and local laws to keep accurate records of hours worked by certain
employees. To ensure that the Company has complete and accurate time records and that employees are paid for all hours
worked, nonexempt employees are required to record all working time using Company [[time cards/time sheets/punch
clock/timekeeping application/other]]. Speak with your Manager for specific instructions.
You must accurately record all of your time to ensure you are paid for all hours worked, and must follow established
Company procedures for recording your hours worked. Time must be recorded as follows:
Immediately before starting your shift.
Immediately after finishing work, before your meal period.
Immediately before resuming work, after your meal period.
Immediately after finishing work.
Immediately before and after any other time away from work.
[[Other compensable time required by state law (such as time taken waiting to undergo and undergoing mandatory
screenings)]].
[[Time sheets/time cards are to be turned in to your Manager or appropriate department on (date or dates).]] 
[[If you are required to clock in, you should clock in no more than five minutes before the time you actually start working and
clock out no later than five minutes after you actually stop working.]]
Notify your Manager [[or appropriate department]] of any pay discrepancies, unrecorded or misrecorded work hours, or any 9involuntarily missed meal or break periods.
Falsifying time entries is strictly prohibited. Falsifying time entries includes working "off the clock." If you falsify your own time
records, or the time records of co-workers, or if you work off the clock, you will be subject to discipline up to and including
termination. Immediately report to [[appropriate department]] any employee, supervisor, or manager who falsifies your time
entries or encourages or requires you to falsify your time entries or work off the clock.

4.9 
Travel Expenses
The purpose of this policy is to define approved business travel expenses and the authority for incurring and approving such
expenses at Zania, Inc.. 
Travel expenses are the reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by employees when traveling on approved Zania,
Inc. business trips. Travel is limited to business activities for which other means of communication is inadequate and for
which prior approval from your Manager has been received.
Advances
The Company does not generally provide cash travel advances. Normally, you will be expected to use personal credit cards
and/or your own cash and submit approved expenses on the standard Expense Report Form.
Travel Expenses
The Company pays the actual amounts incurred for appropriate expenses when you are on travel assignments. Examples of
typical expenses include the following:
Airline tickets.
Meals and lodging.
Car rental, bus, taxi, parking.
Telephone and fax.
Laundry and dry cleaning (trips exceeding one week only, unless emergency).
Business supplies and services.
Associated gratuities.
Other expenses necessary to achieve the business purposes.
Family Members
The Company will pay the travel expenses of spouses or other family members only when their presence is necessary to the
business purpose of the trip and when approved in advance in writing by the [[President or Chief Executive Officer]].
Air Travel
Use economy or tourist class airfares when traveling on Company business. In addition, private, noncommercial aircraft or
chartered aircraft is not to be used, and no more than two Company officers should travel together on the same flight.
Airfares are to be charged to personal credit cards and subsequently submitted for reimbursement on a monthly expense
report.
Hotels
Neither in-room movies nor refreshment bars are approved Company expenses.
Insurance
The Company does not pay for personal travel insurance for employees.

Rental Cars 10You are to use rental firms having existing relationships with the Company and, where feasible, have negotiated discount
rates. Available reasonable transportation is to be used.
Personal Vehicles
When using your own vehicle for business purposes, you must maintain insurance coverage as required by law and may not
have more than [[2 points]] on your driving record. Travel between your home and primary office is not considered to be
business travel. You may not use your personal vehicle for business travel without authorization. Every attempt should be
made to utilize the use of courier and delivery services in order to avoid hazard of liability and the time away from work. You
will be reimbursed for vehicle use at the standard IRS mileage rate. The [[President or Chief Executive Officer]] must
authorize any deviation from this policy.
Reporting
Report approved expenses and include a description of the expense, its business purpose, date, place, and the participants.
Travel Reservations
Airline travel, rental cars, and hotels must be booked through the corporate designated travel agency in order to be
reimbursed.

4.10 
Use of Employer Credit Cards
All employees in the possession of a credit card issued by Zania, Inc. will adhere to the strictest guidelines of responsibility
for the protection and proper use of that card. Credit card purchases related to Company vehicle use (gas, oil, etc.) under
$100 do not require prior approval. Credit card purchases for vehicle use over $100 and any other business purchases over
$25 must receive prior approval from your Manager.
Submit all sales receipts generated by use of the Company credit card [[weekly/monthly]] to your Manager [[or appropriate
department]]. Your Company credit card may not be used for personal reasons. Use of the Company credit card is restricted
to approved business related expenses.
Any unauthorized purchases made with a credit card issued by the Company will be the cardholder's responsibility. You
must reimburse any such purchase to the Company within [[#]] days.
Immediately report lost or stolen Company cards to your Manager. Failure to follow this policy may result in disciplinary
action up to and including discharge.

5.0 
Performance, Discipline, Layoff, and Termination

5.1 
Criminal Activity/Arrests
Zania, Inc. will report all criminal activity in accordance with applicable law. Involvement in criminal activity while employed
by the Company, whether on or off Company property, may result in disciplinary action including suspension or termination
of employment. 
You are expected to be on the job, ready to work, when scheduled. Inability to report to work as scheduled may lead to
disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment, for violation of an attendance policy or job abandonment.

5.2 
Disciplinary Process
Violation of Zania, Inc.'s policies or procedures may result in disciplinary action, including demotion, transfer, leave without
pay, or termination of employment. The Company encourages a system of progressive discipline depending on the type of
prohibited conduct. However, the Company is not required to engage in progressive discipline and may discipline or
terminate employees who violate the rules of conduct, or where the quality or value of their work fails to meet expectations at 11any time. Again, any attempt at progressive discipline does not imply that your employment is anything other than on an "at-
will" basis consistent with applicable law. Note that the specific terms of your employment relationship, including termination
procedures, are governed by the laws of the state in which you are employed.
In appropriate circumstances, management will first provide you with a verbal warning, then with one or more written
warnings, and if the conduct is not sufficiently altered, eventual demotion, transfer, forced leave, or termination of
employment. Your Manager will make every effort possible to allow you to respond to any disciplinary action taken.
Understand that while the Company is concerned with consistent enforcement of our policies, we are not obligated to follow
any disciplinary or grievance procedure and, depending on the circumstances, you may be disciplined or terminated without
any prior warning or procedure.

5.3 
Exit Interview
You may be asked to participate in an exit interview when you leave Zania, Inc.. The purpose of the exit interview is to
provide management with greater insight into your decision to leave employment; identify any trends requiring attention or
opportunities for improvement; and to assist the Company in developing effective recruitment and retention strategies. Your
cooperation in the exit interview process is appreciated.

5.4 
Open Door/Conflict Resolution Process
Zania, Inc. strives to provide a comfortable, productive, legal, and ethical work environment. To this end, we want you to
bring any problems, concerns, or grievances you have about the work place to the attention of your Manager and, if
necessary, to Human Resources or upper level management. To help manage conflict resolution we have instituted the
following problem solving procedure:
If you believe there is inappropriate conduct or activity on the part of the Company, management, its employees, vendors,
customers, or any other persons or entities related to the Company, bring your concerns to the attention of your Manager at
a time and place that will allow the person to properly listen to your concern. Most problems can be resolved informally
through dialogue between you and your immediate Manager. If you have already brought this matter to the attention of your
Manager before and do not believe you have received a sufficient response, or if you believe that person is the source of the
problem, present your concerns to Human Resources or upper level management. Describe the problem, those persons
involved in the problem, efforts you have made to resolve the problem, and any suggested solution you may have.

5.5 
Outside Employment
Outside employment that creates a conflict of interest or that affects the quality or value of your work performance or
availability at Zania, Inc. is prohibited. The Company recognizes that you may seek additional employment during off hours,
but in all cases expects that any outside employment will not affect your attendance, job performance, productivity, work
hours, or scheduling, or would otherwise adversely affect your ability to effectively perform your duties or in any way create a
conflict of interest. Any outside employment that will conflict with your duties and obligations to the Company should be
reported to your Manager. Failure to adhere to this policy may result in discipline up to and including termination.

5.6 
Pay Raises
Depending on financial health and other Company factors, efforts will be made to give pay raises consistent with Zania, Inc.
profitability, job performance, and the consumer price index. The Company may also make individual pay raises based on
merit or due to a change of job position.

5.7 
Performance Improvement
Zania, Inc. will make efforts to periodically review your work performance. The performance improvement process will take
place [[annually, biannually, monthly, etc.]], or as business needs dictate. You may specifically request that your Manager
assist you in developing a performance improvement plan at any time. 12The performance improvement process is a means for increasing the quality and value of your work performance. Your
initiative, effort, attitude, job knowledge, and other factors will be addressed. You must understand that a positive job
performance review does not guarantee a pay raise or continued employment. Pay raises and promotions are based on
numerous factors, only one of which is job performance.

5.8 
Post-Employment References
Zania, Inc. policy is to confirm dates of employment and job title only. With written authorization, the Company will confirm
compensation information when permissible by applicable law. Forward any requests for employment verification to [[Human
Resources or appropriate department]].

5.9 
Promotions
To match you with the job for which you are best suited and to meet the business needs of Zania, Inc., you may be
transferred from your current job. It is our policy to promote from within only when the most qualified candidate is available.
Promotions are made on an equal opportunity basis according to employees possessing the needed skills, education,
experience, and other qualifications that are required for the job.
[[Optional: All employees promoted into new job positions will undergo an introductory period as described in the New Hires
and Introductory Periods policy. Unlike new hires, however, such employees will continue to receive Company benefits for
which they are eligible.]]

5.10 
Resignation Policy
Zania, Inc. hopes that your employment with the Company will be a mutually rewarding experience; however, the Company
acknowledges that varying circumstances can cause you to resign employment. The Company intends to handle any
resignation in a professional manner with minimal disruption to the workplace.
Notice
The Company requests that you provide a minimum of [[two weeks']] notice of your resignation. [[If you are a Manager, you
are requested to provide a minimum of [four weeks'] notice.]] Provide a written resignation letter to your Manager. If you
provide less notice than requested, the Company may deem you to be ineligible for rehire, depending on the circumstances
of the notice given. 
The Company reserves the right to provide you with pay in lieu of notice in situations where job or business needs warrant.
Final Pay
The Company will pay separated employees in accordance with applicable laws and other sections of this handbook. 
Notify the Company if your address changes during the calendar year in which resignation occurs to ensure tax information
is sent to the correct address.
Return of Property
Return all Company property at the time of separation, including [[list items to be returned, such as uniforms, cellphones,
keys, tools, laptops, credit cards, and identification cards]]. Failure to return some items may result in deductions from your
final paycheck where state law allows. [[In some circumstances, the Company may pursue criminal charges for failure to
return Company property.]]

5.11 
Standards of Conduct
Zania, Inc. wishes to create a work environment that promotes job satisfaction, respect, responsibility, integrity, and value for
all our employees, clients, customers, and other stakeholders. We all share in the responsibility of improving the quality of 13our work environment. By deciding to work here, you agree to follow our rules.
While it is impossible to list everything that could be considered misconduct in the workplace, what is outlined here is a list of
common-sense infractions that could result in discipline, up to and including immediate termination of employment. This
policy is not intended to limit our right to discipline or discharge employees for any reason permitted by law. 
Examples of inappropriate conduct include:
Violation of the policies and procedures set forth in this handbook.
Possessing, using, distributing, selling, or negotiating the sale of illegal drugs or other controlled substances.
Being under the influence of alcohol during working hours on Company property (including in Company vehicles), or on
Company business.
Inaccurate reporting of the hours worked by you or any other employees.
Providing knowingly inaccurate, incomplete, or misleading information when speaking on behalf of the Company or in
the preparation of any employment-related documents including, but not limited to, job applications, personnel files,
employment review documents, intra-company communications, or expense records.
Taking or destroying Company property.
Possession of potentially hazardous or dangerous property (where not permitted) such as firearms, weapons,
chemicals, etc., without prior authorization.
Fighting with, or harassment of (as defined in our EEO policy), any fellow employee, vendor, or customer.
Disclosure of Company trade secrets and proprietary and confidential commercially-sensitive information (i.e. financial
or sales records/reports, marketing or business strategies/plans, product development information, customer lists,

patents, trademarks, etc.) of the Company or its customers, contractors, suppliers, or vendors.
Refusal or failure to follow directions or to perform a requested or required job task.
Refusal or failure to follow safety rules and procedures.
Excessive tardiness or absences.
Smoking in nondesignated areas.
Working unauthorized overtime.
Solicitation of fellow employees on Company premises during working hours.
Failure to dress according to Company policy.
Use of obscene or harassing (as defined by our EEO policy) language in the workplace.
Engaging in outside employment that interferes with your ability to perform your job at this Company.
Gambling on Company premises.
Lending keys or keycards to Company property to unauthorized persons.
Nothing in this policy is intended to limit your rights under the National Labor Relations Act, or to modify the at-will
employment status where at-will is not prohibited by state law.

5.12 
Transfers
Zania, Inc. may transfer your employment from one position to another with or without notice, as required by production or
service needs, or upon request by you and with management approval. Transfers in excess of 90 days may be considered
final and your paycheck may be increased or decreased consistent with the pay scale for your new position.

5.13 
Workforce Reductions (Layoffs)
If necessary based upon business needs, Zania, Inc. management may decide to implement a reduction in force (RIF). We
acknowledge that RIFs can be a trying experience for all involved, and the Company will make its best effort to make sound
business decisions while acknowledging the needs of its workforce.

6.0 
General Policies

6.1 
Computer Security and Copying of Software 14Software programs purchased and provided by Zania, Inc. are to be used only for creating, researching, and processing
materials for Company use. By using Company hardware, software, and networking systems you assume personal
responsibility for their use and agree to comply with this policy and other applicable Company policies, as well as city, state,
and federal laws and regulations.
All software acquired for or on behalf of the Company, or developed by Company employees or contract personnel on behalf
of the Company, is and will be deemed Company property. It is the policy of the Company to respect all computer software
rights and to adhere to the terms of all software licenses to which the Company is a party. The [[Director of Information
Systems]] is responsible for enforcing these guidelines.
You may not illegally duplicate any licensed software or related documentation. Unauthorized duplication of software may
subject you and/or the Company to both civil and criminal penalties under the United States Copyright Act. To purchase
software, obtain your manager's approval. All software acquired by the Company must be purchased through [[Information
Systems or appropriate department]].
You may not duplicate, copy, or give software to any outsiders including clients, contractors, customers, and others. You
may use software on local area networks or on multiple machines only in accordance with applicable license agreements
entered into by the Company.

6.2 
Employer Sponsored Social Events
Zania, Inc. holds periodic social events for employees. Be advised that your attendance at these events is voluntary and
does not constitute part of your work-related duties. Any exceptions to this policy must be in writing and signed by a
Manager prior to the event.
Alcoholic beverages may be available at these events. If you choose to drink alcoholic beverages, you must do so in a
responsible manner. Do not drink and drive. Instead, please call a taxi or appoint a designated driver.

6.3 
Employer-Provided Cell Phones/Mobile Devices
Zania, Inc. may issue certain employees a Company cell phone/mobile device for work-related communications and/or
operations. If you drive a vehicle during your employment, you may not use any cell phone/mobile device or other
communication device while driving unless the device is equipped or configured with a "hands-free" listening/speaking
option, and you in fact utilize the hands-free device. 
[[We understand that you may use the cell phone/mobile device for personal use; however, such personal use should not
exceed the plan allowance. When the cell phone/mobile device is used for personal reasons and the activity results in
additional cost to the Company, you are responsible for the cost of that usage, including all applicable taxes unless
prohibited by law.]]
The Company owns and remains entitled to all cell phone/mobile devices issued to employees, including all passwords
controlling access to them.
You may not change those passwords except with permission. At the time of employment termination, all such equipment
and passwords must be returned to the Company in operable condition.
Violation of this policy may result in discipline, up to and including termination of employment.

6.4 
Nonsolicitation/Nondistribution Policy
To avoid disruption of business operations or disturbance of employees, visitors, and others, Zania, Inc. has implemented a
Nonsolicitation/Nondistribution Policy. For purposes of this policy, "solicitation" includes, but is not limited to, selling items or
services, requesting contributions, and soliciting or seeking to obtain membership in or support for any organization.
Solicitation performed through verbal, written, or electronic means is covered by the Nonsolicitation/Nondistribution Policy. 15You are prohibited from soliciting other employees during your assigned working time. For this purpose, working time means
time during which either you or the employees who are the object of the solicitation are expected to be actively engaged with
assigned work. You may conduct solicitations during your lunch period, coffee breaks, or other authorized nonworking time,
so long as you do so when the other employees are also on nonworking time.
To avoid inappropriate litter, clutter, and safety risks, you may not distribute literature or other items that are not work related
in working areas at any time. Working areas do not include break/rest areas, lunch rooms, or parking lots. Electronic
distribution of materials is prohibited during work time. Literature that violates the company's equal employment opportunity
(EEO) and nonharassment policies (including threats of violence), or is knowingly and recklessly false, is never permitted.
Non-employees are not permitted to distribute materials on company premises at any time. 
This policy is not intended to restrict the statutory rights of employees, including the right to discuss terms and conditions of
employment. 
Violations of this policy should be reported to your Manager.

6.5 
Off-Duty Use of Employer Property or Premises
You may not use Zania, Inc. property for personal use during working time. You are responsible for returning Company
property in good condition and repairing or replacing any property damaged as the result of personal use or as the result of
negligence. This includes use of copy machines, computers, Company products, or office supplies for personal use without
prior authorization.
It is Company policy to control off duty and nonworking hour use of Company facilities either for business or personal
reasons. You are prohibited from using Company facilities during off duty or nonworking hours without the written consent of
your Manager. If you use Company facilities during your off-duty hours or Company off-hours, you may be required to sign a
log-in and log-out sheet maintained by the Company or building manager.

6.6 
Personal Appearance
Your personal appearance reflects on the reputation, integrity, and public image of Zania, Inc.. All employees are required to
report to work neatly groomed and dressed. You are expected to maintain personal hygiene habits that are generally
accepted in the community, including clean clothing, good grooming and personal hygiene, and appropriate attire for the
workplace and the work being performed. This may include wearing uniforms or protective safety clothing and equipment,
depending upon the job. Use common sense and good judgment in determining what to wear to work. 
Fragrant products, including but not limited to perfumes, colognes, and scented body lotions or hair products, should be
used in moderation out of concern for others with sensitivities or allergies.
The Company, in accordance with applicable law, will reasonably accommodate employees with disabilities or religious
beliefs that make it difficult for them to comply fully with the personal appearance policy unless doing so would impose an
undue hardship on the Company. Contact your Manager to request a reasonable accommodation.
Failure to comply with the personal appearance standards may result in being sent home to groom or change clothes.
Frequent violations may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.

6.7 
Personal Cell Phone/Mobile Device Use
While Zania, Inc. permits employees to bring personal cell phones and other mobile devices (i.e. smart phones, tablets,
laptops) into the workplace, you must not allow the use of such devices to interfere with your job duties or impact workplace
safety and health. 16Use of personal cell phones and mobile devices at work can be distracting and disruptive and cause a loss of productivity.
Thus, you should primarily use such personal devices during nonworking time, such as breaks and meal periods. During this
time, use devices in a manner that is courteous to those around you. Outside of nonworking time, use of such devices
should be minimal and limited to emergency use only. If you have a device that has a camera and/or audio/video recording
capability, you are restricted from using those functions on Company property unless authorized in advance by management
or when they are used in a manner consistent with your right to engage in concerted activity under section 7 of the National
Labor Relations Act (NLRA).
You are expected to comply with Company policies regarding the protection of confidential and proprietary information when
using personal devices.
While operating a vehicle on work time, the Company requires that the driver's personal cell phone/mobile device be turned
off. If you need to make or receive a phone call while driving, pull off the road to a safe location unless you have the correct
hands-free equipment for the device that is in compliance with applicable state laws.
You [[may/may not]] connect your personal device to the Company network or to Company equipment (computers, printers,
etc.). [[If permitted, describe allowable use and any restrictions.]]
You may have the opportunity to use your personal devices for work purposes. Before using a personal device for work-
related purposes, you must obtain written authorization from [[IT, management, human resources, etc.]]. The use of personal

devices is limited to certain employees and may be limited based on compatibility of technology. To ensure the security of
Company information, [[Set forth security policies related to specific devices, for example, any software requirements
(antivirus, firewall, VPN, etc.). Include details on how information will be removed from a device upon termination of
employment]]. If you are authorized to use a personal device, you will receive a monthly stipend based on the estimated use
of the device. If you obtain or currently have a plan that exceeds the monthly stipend, the Company will not be liable for the
cost difference.
Nothing in this policy is intended to prevent employees from engaging in protected concerted activity under the NLRA.
You will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment for violation of this policy.

6.8 
Personal Data Changes
It is your obligation to provide Zania, Inc. with your current contact information, including current mailing address and
telephone number. You should also inform the Company of any changes to your tax withholding status. Failure to do so may
result in loss of benefits or delayed receipt of W-2 and other mailings. To make changes to this information, contact
[[appropriate person or department]].

6.9 
Security
All employees are responsible for helping to make Zania, Inc. a secure work environment. Upon leaving work, lock all desks,
lockers, and doors protecting valuable or sensitive material in your work area and report any lost or stolen keys, passes, or
similar devices to your Manager immediately. Refrain from discussing specifics regarding Company security systems,
alarms, passwords, etc. with those outside of the Company.
Immediately advise your Manager of any known or potential security risks and/or suspicious conduct of employees,
customers, or guests of the Company. Safety and security is the responsibility of all employees and we rely on you to help
us keep our premises secure.

6.10 
Social Media
At Zania, Inc., we recognize the Internet provides unique opportunities to participate in interactive discussions and share
information using a wide variety of social media. However, use of social media also presents certain risks and carries with it 17certain responsibilities. To minimize risks to the Company, you are expected to follow our guidelines for appropriate use of
social media.
This policy applies to all employees who work for the Company.
Guidelines
For purposes of this policy, 
social media
 includes all means of communicating or posting information or content of any sort
on the Internet, including to your own or someone else's web log or blog, journal or diary, personal website, social
networking or affinity website, web bulletin board or a chat room, whether associated or affiliated with the Company, as well
as any other form of electronic communication.
Company principles, guidelines, and policies apply to online activities just as they apply to other areas of work. Ultimately,
you are solely responsible for what you communicate in social media. You may be personally responsible for any litigation
that may arise should you make unlawful defamatory, slanderous, or libelous statements against any customer, manager,
owner, or employees of the Company.
Know and Follow the Rules
Ensure your postings are consistent with these guidelines. Postings that include unlawful discriminatory remarks,
harassment, and threats of violence or other unlawful conduct will not be tolerated and may subject you to disciplinary action
up to and including termination.
Be Respectful
The Company cannot force or mandate respectful and courteous activity by employees on social media during nonworking
time. If you decide to post complaints or criticism, avoid using statements, photographs, video, or audio that reasonably
could be viewed as unlawful, slanderous, threatening, or that might constitute unlawful harassment. Examples of such

ellectual property, and confidential commercially-sensitive information
(i.e. financial or sales records/reports, marketing or business strategies/plans, product development, customer lists,
patents, trademarks, etc.) related to the Company.
Do not create a link from your personal blog, website, or other social networking site to a Company website that
identifies you as speaking on behalf of the Company.
Never represent yourself as a spokesperson for the Company. If the Company is a subject of the content you are
creating, do not represent yourself as speaking on behalf of the Company. Make it clear in your social media activity
that you are speaking on your own behalf.
Respect copyright, trademark, third-party rights, and similar laws and use such protected information in compliance
with applicable legal standards.
Using Social Media at Work
Do not use social media while on your work time, unless it is work related as authorized by your manager or consistent with
policies that cover equipment owned by the Company.
Media Contacts
If you are not authorized to speak on behalf of the Company, do not speak to the media on behalf of the Company. Direct all
media inquiries for official Company responses to Human Resources. 18Retaliation and Your Rights
Retaliation or any other negative action is prohibited against anyone who, based on a reasonable belief, reports a possible
deviation from this policy or cooperates in an investigation. Those who retaliate against others for reporting a possible
deviation from this policy or for cooperating in an investigation will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including
termination.
Nothing in this policy is designed to interfere with, restrain, or prevent employees from communications regarding wages,
hours, or other terms and conditions of employment, or to restrain employees in exercising any other right protected by law.
All employees have the right to engage in or refrain from such activities.

6.11 
Third Party Disclosures
From time to time, Zania, Inc. may become involved in news stories or potential or actual legal proceedings of various kinds.
When that happens, lawyers, former employees, newspapers, law enforcement agencies, and other outside persons may
contact our employees to obtain information about the incident or the actual or potential lawsuit.
If you receive such a contact, you should not speak on behalf of the Company and should refer any call requesting the
position of the Company to [[media contact person]]. If you have any questions about this policy or are not certain what to do
when such a contact is made, contact [[media contact person]].

6.12 
Use of Company Technology
This policy is intended to provide Zania, Inc. employees with the guidelines associated with the use of the Company
information technology (IT) resources and communications systems. 
This policy governs the use of all IT resources and communications systems owned by or available at the Company, and all
use of such resources and systems when accessed using your own devices, including but not limited to:
[[List items, such as:
Email systems and accounts.
Internet and intranet access.
Telephones and voicemail systems, including wired and mobile phones, smartphones, and pagers.
Printers, photocopiers, and scanners.
Fax machines, e-fax systems, and modems.
All other associated computer, network, and communications systems, hardware, peripherals, and software, including
network key fobs and other devices.
Closed-circuit television (CCTV) and all other physical security systems and devices, including access key cards and
fobs.]]
General Provisions
Company IT resources and communications systems are to be used for business purposes only unless otherwise permitted
under applicable law. 
All content maintained in Company IT resources and communications systems are the property of the Company. Therefore,
employees should have no expectation of privacy in any message, file, data, document, facsimile, telephone conversation,
social media post, conversation, or any other kind or form of information or communication transmitted to, received, or
printed from, or stored or recorded on Company electronic information and communications systems.
The Company reserves the right to monitor, intercept, and/or review all data transmitted, received, or downloaded over
Company IT resources and communications systems in accordance with applicable law. Any individual who is given access
to the system is hereby given notice that the Company will exercise this right periodically, without prior notice and without 19prior consent.

The interests of the Company in monitoring and intercepting data include, but are not limited to: protection of Company trade
secrets, proprietary information, and similar confidential commercially-sensitive information (i.e. financial or sales
records/reports, marketing or business strategies/plans, product development, customer lists, patents, trademarks, etc.);
managing the use of the computer system; and/or assisting employees in the management of electronic data during periods
of absence.
You should not interpret the use of password protection as creating a right or expectation of privacy, nor should you have a
right or expectation of privacy regarding the receipt, transmission, or storage of data on Company IT resources and
communications systems.
Do not use Company IT resources and communications systems for any matter that you would like to be kept private or
confidential.
Violations
If you violate this policy, you will be subject to corrective action, up to and including termination of employment. If necessary,
the Company will also advise law enforcement officials of any illegal conduct.

6.13 
Workplace Privacy and Right to Inspect
Zania, Inc. property, including but not limited to lockers, phones, computers, tablets, desks, work place areas, vehicles, or
machinery, remains under the control of the Company and is subject to inspection at any time, without notice to any
employees, and without their presence. 
You should have no expectation of privacy in any of these areas. We assume no responsibility for the loss of, or damage to,
your property maintained on Company premises including that kept in lockers and desks.

7.0 
Benefits

7.1 
Bereavement Leave
Zania, Inc. recognizes the importance of taking leave when there is a death in the family. Where bereavement leave is not
required by law, the Company will provide bereavement leave as follows: 
[[All employees [who have completed # days/weeks/months of service] are eligible for [# day(s)] of [paid/unpaid]
bereavement leave for the death of an immediate family member.]]
[[OR]]
[[Full-time employees [who have completed # days/weeks/months of service] are eligible for [# day(s)] of [paid/unpaid]
bereavement leave for the death of an immediate family member.]]
[[Part-time employees [who have completed # days/weeks/months of service] are eligible for [# day(s)] of [paid/unpaid]
bereavement leave for the death of an immediate family member.]] 
[[Part-time employees [who have completed # days/weeks/months of service] are eligible for [# day(s)] of [paid/unpaid]
bereavement leave for the death of an immediate family member in proportion to the number of hours they are regularly
scheduled to work. For example, a part-time employee regularly scheduled to work 20 hours per week is eligible for [one half
the number of days indicated for full-time employees] of bereavement leave.]]
You may use accrued but unused [[vacation/sick leave/paid time off]] if additional time is needed. [[Additional unpaid time off 20may be granted at the discretion of the Company on a case-by-case basis.]]
For purposes of this policy, 
immediate family member
 includes the following and applies both to the family of the employee
and the employee's spouse: [[child (including foster child and stepchild), spouse, sister, brother, parents (including foster
parents and stepparents), grandparents]]. 
You must provide notice of your need for bereavement leave as far in advance as possible. The Company may require
documentation supporting your need for bereavement leave.

7.2 
Holidays
Zania, Inc. offers the following paid holidays each year: [[list all paid holidays]].
When a holiday falls on a Saturday, it will be observed the preceding Friday. Holidays falling on a Sunday will be observed
the following Monday.
If a holiday falls on your regular day off, ask your Manager how it affects you. 
You will be compensated for holidays in accordance with federal and state law.

7.3 
Military Leave (USERRA)
Zania, Inc. complies with applicable federal and state law regarding military leave and re-employment rights. A military leave
of absence will be granted to members of the uniformed services in accordance with the Uniformed Services Employment
and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA, with amendments) and all applicable state law. You must submit
documentation of the need for leave to [[Human Resources or appropriate department]]. When returning from military leave
of absence, you will be reinstated to your previous position or a similar position, in accordance with state and federal law.
You must notify your Manager of your intent to return to employment based on requirements of the law. For more
information regarding status, compensation, benefits, and reinstatement upon return from military leave, contact [[Human
Resources or appropriate department]].

7.4 
Paid Time Off (PTO)
Zania, Inc. provides employees with paid time off (PTO). PTO may be used for [[vacation, sick time, or other personal
matters]].
Eligibility
All [[full-time regular]] employees are eligible to receive PTO [[immediately upon hire/upon completion of the introductory
period/after completing # days of employment]].
Deposits Into Your Leave Account
PTO is calculated according to [[your work anniversary year/the calendar year/the fiscal year, which begins on [date] and
ends on [date] ]]. 
[[
EMPLOYERS MUST CHOOSE ONE
:]]
[[
Option 1
:]]
The amount of PTO received each year is based on your length of service and [[is granted in a lump sum at the beginning of
each year/accrues according to an accrual schedule determined by the Company up to a maximum annual grant as shown
below:]]
First year of employment: [[# hours/days/weeks]] annually. 21Second and third year of employment: [[# hours/days/weeks]] annually.
Third through fifth year of employment: [[# hours/days/weeks]] annually.
Over five years of employment: [[# hours/days/weeks]] annually.
Part-time regular employees receive PTO time in proportion to their work schedule.
PTO granted during your first year of employment will be prorated based on your hire date.
[[
OR
]]
[[
Option 2
:]]
All eligible employees will accrue [[# hours/days/weeks]] of PTO for every [[period of time]] worked, up to a maximum
accrual of [[# hours/days/weeks]]. 
Once you reach the maximum accrual amount, you will not accrue any additional PTO until you use some of the accrued but
unused PTO and the amount falls below the maximum accrual amount. You will not receive retroactive credit for any period
of time in which you did not accrue PTO because you accrued the maximum amount.
Leave Usage and Requests for Leave
The Company encourages you to use your PTO time. You are eligible to begin using PTO [[immediately upon hire/upon
completion of your introductory period/as soon as it is received /after # days of employment]].

You must request PTO from your Manager as far in advance as possible, but at least [[# days/weeks]] in advance. The
Company will generally grant requests for PTO when possible, taking business needs into consideration. [[When multiple
employees request the same time off, their [[length of employment/seniority/collective-bargaining agreement]] may
determine priority in scheduling PTO times.
You must take PTO in increments of at least [[# of hours/days]].
During a Leave of Absence
The Company may require you to use any unused PTO during disability or family medical leave, or any other leave of
absence, where permissible under local, state, and federal law.
[[EMPLOYERS WHO USE AN ACCRUAL METHOD MUST ADD THE FOLLOWING LANGUAGE: You will not accrue PTO
during unpaid leaves of absence, or other periods of inactive service, unless PTO accrual is required by applicable federal,
state, or local law.]]
Carryover
[[EMPLOYERS MUST CHOOSE ONE:]]
[[Unused PTO can be carried over to the following year [
You may want to explain conditions for carryover:
 e.g., on or
about your anniversary date/at the beginning of the following [calendar/fiscal] year].]] [[The Company may elect to offer
payment for the unused time [on or about your anniversary date/at the beginning of the following [calendar/fiscal] year].]]
[[OR]]
[[OPTIONAL LANGUAGE FOR ALL STATES EXCEPT CALIFORNIA, COLORADO, MONTANA, AND NEBRASKA. DO
NOT USE THIS LANGUAGE FOR CALIFORNIA, COLORADO, MONTANA, OR NEBRASKA HANDBOOKS.]]
[[You may not carry over unused PTO] to the following year. Any unused PTO will be forfeited [on or about your anniversary
date/at the end of the [calendar/fiscal] year].]] 22Separation of Employment
Upon separation of employment for any reason, you will [[forfeit any earned but unused PTO time unless state law dictates
otherwise/will be paid for earned but unused PTO time]].

7.5 
Personal Leave of Absence
Zania, Inc. recognizes that you may need time off from work in special circumstances that other leave policies may not
address. In such cases, you may request a personal leave of absence.
Eligibility
All [[regular/full-time/part-time]] employees employed for at least [[# days/months]] are eligible to apply for an unpaid
personal leave of absence.
Requesting Leave
Requests for unpaid personal leave must be submitted to your Manager [[and/or appropriate department]] in writing at least
[[# days]] in advance where practical. In emergency situations, written notice must be provided as soon as possible. The
request should include the reason for the leave as well as the dates you expect to begin and end the leave.
Job performance, absenteeism, and departmental requirements will be taken into consideration before a request is
approved. Requests for unpaid personal leave may be denied or granted for any reason and are within the sole discretion of
the Company. 
[[You will be required to use all available paid leave balances prior to taking an unpaid personal leave of absence/You may
substitute any applicable and available paid leave for all or a portion of your unpaid personal leave.]]
[[Sick leave, PTO, vacation time, seniority, or other benefits]] will not accrue during an unpaid personal leave of absence.
Holidays that occur during an unpaid personal leave of absence will not be paid.
If you are granted a personal leave of absence, reinstatement to your position or any position is not guaranteed. 
[[# Benefits While on Leave]]
[[Your Company-provided [health] benefits will be continued at the same level and under the same conditions as prior to the
leave, for up to [# weeks/months as shown in the benefit plan document]. You are responsible for payment of your portion of
the insurance premium while on personal leave.]]
[[If you are on a personal leave of absence that exceeds [# weeks/months as shown in the benefit plan document], or you

fail to pay your premium payment in a timely manner, the Company will provide you with information about your rights under
COBRA and/or applicable state continuation coverage policies.]]
Extension of Leave
You are required to return from unpaid personal leave on the originally scheduled return date. If you are unable to return,
you must request an extension of the leave in writing at least [[# days/weeks]] in advance of the return date. Leave
extensions will be considered on a case-by-case basis. If the Company denies the extension request, you must return to
work on the originally scheduled return date or be considered to have voluntarily resigned from your employment.
Return to Work
In advance of your scheduled return date, [[your Manager or appropriate department]] will arrange for you to resume your
previous position, if available. However, the Company's need to fill a position may override the ability to hold a position open
until your return. Therefore, we cannot assure our ability to reinstate you to any position after your leave. The Company 23retains the discretion to determine the similarity of any available positions and your qualifications. If we are unable to
reinstate you or you refuse the offer of reinstatement to a different position, your leave status will be changed to a voluntary
termination.
Failure to Return from Leave
If you fail to return to work after an unpaid leave of absence, you will be considered to have resigned your employment.
Alternative Employment
While on an unpaid leave of absence, you may not work or be gainfully employed either for yourself or others unless
express, written permission to perform such outside work has been granted by the Company. If you are on a leave of
absence and are found to be working elsewhere without permission, you will be subject to disciplinary action up to and
including termination.

7.6 
Sick Pay
Zania, Inc. allows its regular full-time employees who have completed their introductory period [[#]] sick days per calendar
year. Notify your Manager as far in advance as possible if you are going to take sick time off. There may be occasions, such
as sudden illness, when you cannot notify your Manager in advance. In those situations, provide notification of your
circumstances as soon as possible. You may also be requested to provide a certificate of illness to your Manager.
You may use sick leave benefits for dental or doctor visits or to care for immediate family members who are sick. There may
also be state mandated use of sick time. Unused sick days may not be converted to a cash payment. You may be required
to use available sick leave during family and medical leave, disability leave, or other leave.
[[Sick time accumulation will be capped at a total of [#] days per year.]]

7.7 
Vacation
Zania, Inc. provides employees with paid vacation.
Eligibility
All [[full-time regular]] employees are eligible to receive vacation time [[immediately upon hire/upon completion of the
introductory period/after completing # days of employment]].
Deposits Into Your Leave Account
Vacation is calculated according to [[your work anniversary year/the calendar year/the fiscal year, which begins on [date]
and ends on [date]]]. 
[[
EMPLOYERS MUST CHOOSE ONE
:]]
[[
Option 1
:]]
The amount of vacation received each year is based on your length of service and [[is granted in a lump sum at the
beginning of each year/accrues according to an accrual schedule determined by the Company up to a maximum annual
grant as shown below]]:
First year of employment: [[# hours/days/weeks]] annually.
Second and third year of employment: [[# hours/days/weeks]] annually.
Third through fifth year of employment: [[# hours/days/weeks]] annually.
Over five years of employment: [[# hours/days/weeks]] annually.
Part-time regular employees receive vacation time in proportion to their work schedule. 24Vacation granted during your first year of employment will be prorated based on your hire date.
[[
OR
]]
[[
Option 2
:]]
All eligible employees will accrue [[# hours/days/weeks]] of vacation for every [[period of time]] worked, up to a maximum
accrual of [[# hours/days/weeks]]. 
Once you reach the maximum accrual amount, you will not accrue any additional vacation until you use some of the accrued
but unused vacation and the amount falls below the maximum accrual amount. You will not receive retroactive credit for any
period of time in which you did not accrue vacation because you accrued the maximum amount.
Leave Usage and Requests for Leave
The Company encourages you to use your vacation time. You are eligible to begin using vacation [[immediately upon
hire/upon completion of your introductory period/as soon as it is received /after # days of employment]].

You must request vacation from your Manager as far in advance as possible, but at least [[# days/weeks]] in advance. The
Company will generally grant requests for vacation when possible, taking business needs into consideration. When multiple
employees request the same time off, their [[length of employment/seniority/collective-bargaining agreement]] may
determine priority in scheduling vacation times.
You must take vacation in increments of at least [[# of hours/days]].
During a Leave of Absence
The Company may require you to use any unused vacation during disability or family medical leave, or any other leave of
absence, where permissible under local, state, and federal law.
[[
EMPLOYERS WHO USE AN ACCRUAL METHOD MUST ADD THE FOLLOWING LANGUAGE:
 You will not accrue
vacation during unpaid leaves of absence, or other periods of inactive service, unless vacation accrual is required by
applicable federal, state, or local law.]]
Carryover
[[
EMPLOYERS MUST CHOOSE ONE:
]]
[[Unused vacation can be carried over to the following year [
You may want to explain conditions for carryover:
 e.g., on
or about your anniversary date/at the beginning of the following [calendar/fiscal] year].]] [[The Company may elect to offer
payment for the unused time [on or about your anniversary date/at the beginning of the following [calendar/fiscal] year].]]
[[
OR
]]
[[
OPTIONAL LANGUAGE FOR ALL STATES EXCEPT CALIFORNIA, COLORADO, MONTANA, AND NEBRASKA. DO
NOT USE THIS LANGUAGE FOR CALIFORNIA, COLORADO, MONTANA, OR NEBRASKA HANDBOOKS.
]]
[[You may not carry over unused vacation to the following year. Any unused vacation will be forfeited [on or about your
anniversary date/at the end of the [calendar/fiscal] year].]]
Separation of Employment
Upon separation of employment for any reason, you will [[forfeit any earned but unused [vacation time] unless state law
dictates otherwise/will be paid for earned but unused [vacation time].]] 25
7.8 
Workers' Compensation Insurance
Workers' compensation is a no-fault system designed to provide benefits to all employees for work-related injuries. Workers'
compensation insurance coverage is paid for by employers and governed by state law. The workers' compensation system
provides for coverage of medical treatment and expenses, occupational disability leave, and rehabilitation services, as well
as payment for lost wages due to work related injuries. If you are injured on the job while working at Zania, Inc., no matter
how slightly, you are to report the incident immediately to your Manager. Consistent with applicable state law, failure to
report an injury within a reasonable period of time could jeopardize your claim for benefits.
To receive workers' compensation benefits, notify your Manager immediately of your claim. If your injury is the result of an
on-the-job accident, you must fill out an accident report. You will be required to submit a medical release before you can
return to work.

8.0 
Safety and Loss Prevention

8.1 
Drug and Alcohol Policy
Zania, Inc. is committed to providing a safe, healthy, and productive work environment. Consistent with this commitment, it is
the intent of the Company to maintain a drug and alcohol-free workplace. Being under the influence of alcohol, illegal drugs
(as classified under federal, state, or local laws), or other impairing substances while on the job may pose a serious health
and safety risk to others, and will not be tolerated.
Prohibited Conduct
The Company expressly prohibits employees from engaging in the following activities when they are on duty or conducting
Company business or on Company premises (whether or not they are working):
The use, abuse, or being under the influence of alcohol, illegal drugs, or other impairing substances.
The possession, sale, purchase, transfer, or transit of any illegal or unauthorized drug, including prescription
medication that is not prescribed to the individual, or drug-related paraphernalia.
The illegal use or abuse of prescription drugs.
While the use of marijuana has been legalized under some state laws for medicinal and/or recreational uses, it remains an
illegal drug under federal law. The Company does not discriminate against employees solely on the basis of their lawful off-
duty use of marijuana. You may not consume or be under the influence of marijuana while on duty or at work. If you have a
valid prescription for medical marijuana, refer to the Company Disability Accommodation policy for additional information.
Nothing in this policy is meant to prohibit your appropriate use of over-the-counter medication or other medication that can
legally be prescribed under both federal and state law, if it does not impair your job performance or safety or the safety of
others. If you take over-the-counter medication or other medication that can legally be prescribed under both federal and
state law to treat a disability, inform your Manager if you believe the medication may impair your job performance, safety, or

the safety of others or if you believe you need a reasonable accommodation before reporting to work while under the
influence of that medication. 
[[# Employer-Sponsored Events]]
[[From time to time, the Company may sponsor social or business-related events where alcohol may be served. This policy
does not prohibit the use or consumption of alcohol at these events. However, if you choose to consume alcohol at such
events, you must do so responsibly and maintain your obligation to conduct yourself properly and professionally at all
times.]]
[[# Treatment and/or Rehabilitation]]
[[The Company may assist you in seeking treatment or rehabilitation for drug or alcohol dependency. In such cases, the 26Company may consider your continued employment as long as concerns regarding safety, health, production,
communication, or other work-related matters are adequately addressed. The Company may also require you to obtain a
medical clearance and agree to random testing and a "one-strike" rule as a condition of continued employment.]]
Violations
Violation of this policy may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.

8.2 
General Safety
It is the responsibility of all Zania, Inc. employees to maintain a healthy and safe work environment, report any health or
safety hazards, and follow the Company health and safety rules. Failure to do so may result in disciplinary action, up to and
including termination of employment. The Company also requires that all occupational illnesses or injuries be reported to
your Manager as soon as reasonably possible and that an occupational illness or injury form be completed on each reported
incident.

8.3 
Workplace Violence
As the safety and security of our employees, vendors, contractors, and the general public is in the best interests of Zania,
Inc., we are committed to working with our employees to provide a work environment free from violence, intimidation, and
other disruptive behavior.
Zero Tolerance Policy
The Company has a zero tolerance policy regarding workplace violence and will not tolerate acts or threats of violence,
harassment, intimidation, and other disruptive behavior, either physical or verbal, that occurs in the workplace or other
areas. This applies to management, co-workers, employees, and non-employees such as contractors, customers, and
visitors. 
Workplace violence can include oral or written statements, gestures, or expressions that communicate a direct or indirect
threat of physical harm, damage to property, or any intentional behavior that may cause a person to feel threatened.
Prohibited Conduct
Prohibited conduct includes, but is not limited to:
Physically injuring another person.
Threatening to injure a person or damage property by any means, including verbal, written, direct, indirect, or
electronic means.
Taking any action to place a person in reasonable fear of imminent harm or offensive contact.
Possessing, brandishing, or using a firearm on Company property or while performing Company business except as
permitted by state law.
Violating a restraining order, order of protection, injunction against harassment, or other court order.
Reporting Incidents of Violence
Report to your Manager [[or appropriate department]], in accordance with this policy, any behavior that compromises our
ability to maintain a safe work environment. All reports will be investigated immediately and kept confidential, except where
there is a legitimate need to know. You are expected to cooperate in any investigation of workplace violence.
Violations
Violating this policy may subject you to criminal charges as well as discipline up to and including immediate termination of
employment.

Retaliation 27Victims and witnesses of workplace violence will not be retaliated against in any manner. In addition, you will not be subject
to discipline for, based on a reasonable belief, reporting a threat or for cooperating in an investigation. 
If you initiate, participate, are involved in retaliation, or obstruct an investigation into conduct prohibited by this policy, you will
be subject to discipline up to and including termination. 
If you believe you have been wrongfully retaliated against, immediately report the matter to [[appropriate department]].

9.0 
Trade Secrets and Inventions

9.1 
Confidentiality and Nondisclosure of Trade Secrets
As a condition of employment, Zania, Inc. employees are required to protect the confidentiality of Company trade secrets,
proprietary information, and confidential commercially-sensitive information (i.e. financial or sales records/reports, marketing
or business strategies/plans, product development, customer lists, patents, trademarks, etc.) related to the Company.
Access to this information should be limited to a "need to know" basis and should not be used for personal benefit,
disclosed, or released without prior authorization from management. 
If you have information that leads you to suspect that employees are sharing such information in violation of this policy
and/or competitors are obtaining such information, you are required to inform your Manager or [[Human Resources or
appropriate department]].
Violation of this policy may result in disciplinary action up to and including termination, and may subject the violator to civil
liability.

9.2 
Inventions
Any invention created, in whole or in part, during your work hours, or from the use of equipment or facilities belonging to
Zania, Inc., is a "work for hire" and is the property of the Company.
If you intend to develop and maintain property rights to any invention that relates in any way to products or services of the
Company, you are required to obtain a written waiver of this policy, signed by both you and [[insert title]].
 28
